Switzerland peace and tranquility famous
for its cheese's and chocolates but
there are Swiss with a difference
return their backs on the beauty of the
landscape the majesty of the mountains
to devote themselves to the fighter seen
street fighters Switzerland
these rights and fight to 750 Netherland
is developing well we have more and more
clients and after 10 years we're well
established here in Switzerland there is
an emphasis on quality if you give him
something which is very well made the
client is prepared to pay the price -
how many both my roots are here in
Interlaken I grew up here and I think
it's very important that this is where
we have our business - Shon sehr wichtig
el the secede in Interlaken Linda's
rights is a shift together with his
partner ORS and the plans to build a
really spectacular supervisor to mark
their decade of existence it will be
called the ten missin date of the engine
were actually the only ones in
Switzerland who have specialized in
rebuilding bikes as street fighters are
a mr. make something crazy to make
something which is far from a normal
bike something absolutely special it
expect really
in our heads we have a picture of how
the bike could be but there's no real
blueprint or anything what we are going
to build we just get started bending
tubes well being flexing and then slowly
the bike takes shape by some get flex
and so it's not long some the spiking
strong oh they work in perfect harmony
as if each could read each other's
thoughts never to be missing on one of
their street fighters the heart-shaped
logo fat dick what I guess holding out
of those things to just thank you sure
go ahead next
okay which of the cannon on xiong site
and a kid we know each other almost
forever since we were riding mopeds
since we were school rockers he had
leathers I have levers that kind of
brings you together and the bonds become
stronger over time the friendship
remains the same don't Lawson okay time
for the monocoque to be mounted comments
yeah but all this so yes of course
should monte de selva no come get off
the on the side and he is slightly
worried the doors might have misjudged
the length of the fuel lines okay these
two tacos like in a celibate arm off to
be step ends in ma'am sir okay
it's good er yes issued Jean Hamilton
and tonight
all that remains is to fill the tank and
the moment they've waited for the key
feature horse the 400 rear wheel histor
oh so I tossed a guy so that's the
absolutely any old Danielle that's puck
miss all right we saw it in a magazine
and contacted the manufacturer
at first he showed no interest at all
miss Dalton but after a long to-and-fro
he agreed to make one for us worldwide
there are only two tires like this one
one in England at the makers place and
the other one this one here their pride
is unmistakable and the test-ride is the
next big highlight for gain okay I saw
it was previous right it's my aunt's go
the hen makes its maiden voyage on the
tarmac of the old military airfield
although lefty then he's a pen pardon
sorry
okay
what the cycle a bikers you see it now
is worth I would say about 70,000 euros
that's without the features needed to
pass vehicle inspection for the bench
for them and the total will be close to
a hundred thousand two thousand
but the 10 doesn't just look great
it's a cruel ride and doors has a lot of
fun putting the new bike through its
paces
pick up this mentor I really have the
ideal job one which makes me completely
happy happy to will be the Street
Fighter fans whose amazing bikes come
from peaceful tranquil Switzerland